mistress of vernacular sarcophagus a
stone coffin typically adorned with
decorative carvings or inscriptions the
history of the word sarcophagus is so
skin crawling li grotesque it seems to
come right out of a low-budget horror
film rather than having a b-movie origin
however its roots can be traced back to
the early Roman Empire where the Greek
word sarcophagus was used to describe
the limestone that a coffin was made of
not the coffin itself according to the
Roman scholar Pliny the Elder citizens
of the Empire believed that limestone
from a quarry near Troy would dissolve
flesh for this reason it was quite
desirable in the construction of coffins
though it's unclear if the belief was
widespread or even accurately reported
by plenty what is certain is that
sarcophagus came from the greek words
saad meaning flesh and fang in a verb
meaning to eat from flesh-eating stone
to stone coffin it's a fitting etymology
for the final resting place of the
deceased
Oh